Dove, it's been a few days.
Concubine Yuan hasn't come back yet
Hehe emperor
Husband and wife, are they fighting at the end of the bed?
You might as well go and see for yourself
Fair enough, hahaha.
Wait a minute, you said I'll go directly like this.
Isn't it a little inappropriate?
In this palace
The emperor can go anywhere
Duhe plum tree
I didn't mean that.
This Yuan Fei and my ambition
It's been three days since I went to Langgong
Must still be angry
I really have to find a way to make her happy
The emperor still likes the new and old ministers, but there is a way
Your Majesty, go up here and fly a kite.
Empress curious
I will definitely come out to see it.
Miss Hahaha, do you think it's a kite?
Miss, let's go out and have a look. Um
Go check it out
Go find your portrait and fly a kite
What time are you wasting with me?
Emperor
I heard that Jiangnan paid tribute to a batch of flowers and koi
Why don't we enjoy the flowers and fish here?
I believe that the Empress will definitely come out to see
It's worth a shot.
This is a batch of flowers and koi from Jiangnan
Specially invited Empress to watch together
Not interested
You go and look at the clouds and enjoy the flowers with your portrait.